Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
What is the plural of the noun research?
Going for dinner.msg you after.
I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a Œ£1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive Œ£1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded Œ£2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
íì predict wat time í_'ll finish buying?
Good stuff, will do.
Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
Are you there in room.
HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
K..k:)how much does it cost?
I'm home.
Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
First answer my question.
Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. Œ£1.50 SP:Tyrone
Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
He is there. You call and meet him
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot í_ in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
K, text me when you're on the way
Sir, Waiting for your mail.
A swt thought: \Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons..\" Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8"
I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
Yes see ya not on the dot
Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
K..i deleted my contact that why?
Sindu got job in birla soft ..
The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
Ok... Ur typical reply...
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Aaooooright are you at work?
I'm leaving my house now...
Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive Œ£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
-PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a Œ£900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
What time you coming down later? 
Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
U still going to the mall?
Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
Lol no. U can trust me.
ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
He will, you guys close?
Going on nothing great.bye
Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
Haha awesome, be there in a minute
Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed Œ£1000 cash or Œ£5000 prize!
Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
Did u got that persons story
is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
